# US 3000 - As Project Manager, I want the team to specify a grammar allowing to express several kinds of questionnaires.

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. User Story Description

As Project Manager, I want the team to specify a grammar allowing to express several kinds of questionnaires.

### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

From the client clarifications:

* Question: "In the requested grammar, is it needed to distinguish the different types of questions? For example, if the user says a certain question is multiple choice, shall we make the user input the possible options specifically or do we let the user write the content of the question as he prefers?"
    * [Answer: ](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16583#p21275) "Well, the question type is need and useful for some reason. The way you/your team take (technical) advantage of it is up to you."

* Question: "We have read the specifications about the questionnaire structure provided in the System Specification document, however could you provide a template of a questionnaire, in order to better facilitate the implementation of the grammar from US3000?"
    * [Answer: ](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16432#p21090) "No template will be provided. Teams are free to adopt the format foreseen as best suitable for the project purposes. Section 5.1.3 of the specifications' document provides a complete example of a questionnaire that all teams' solutions must support. Advice: check if any course unit has any evaluation criteria regarding the format."

* Question: "As I understand, the questionnaire will have to be created through the command-line interface of our application and then exported in order for it's grammar to be validated. Is my interpretation correct? Can we export it to XML, for example, and validate it's grammar afterwards?"
    * [Answer: ](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16325#p20944) "There is no need to import/export data. Both components should be integrated."
    

### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria

* The grammar should be conceived having in mind its reusability/applicability on other application domains than the one of this project (e.g., pedagogical questionnaires).


### 1.4. Found out Dependencies

Everytime a new survey is added, this grammar will be used to see if the survey is well performed or not.